c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\le\Alert_Light.exe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\be\Alert_Light.exe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\le\Alert_Light.pdb
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\be\Alert_Light.pdb
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\Alert_Light.exe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\Alert_Light.pdb
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\le\Alert_Light.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\le\Alert_Light.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\be\Alert_Light.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\be\Alert_Light.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\Alert_Light.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\be\Alert_Light.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\be\Alert_Light.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\le\Alert_Light.pe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\le\Alert_Light.pdbx
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\Alert_Light.exe
c:\users\akrause\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Alert_Light\Alert_Light\obj\Debug\Alert_Light.pdb
